NAS-101675 docs for email alert when proactive support ticket fails (#1235)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

:guilabel:`Enable automatic support alerts to iXsystems` option is
enabled, then click :guilabel:`Save`.

> If ticket creation fails while Proactive Support is enabled, an email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
%brand% sends an email alert if ticket creation fails while Proactive Support is active.
```
Swapped sentence around and made it active.

> alert is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
